# credLocker
Securly manage sensative account information

**NOTE** This currently only works for Linux (and Mac?) devices!  Support for Windows will start in the future.

## Setup
Ensure you have aescrypt and aescrypt_keygen installed. This application makes use of a ramdisk out of safety.  This ensures keys are not accadentially left in an accessible location in non-violitile memory.  Follow the instructions below if you need a ramdisk system.

1) Make ramdisk directory
```# mkdir /ramdisk```
This is the bare minimum stup to make this application work.

2) Make filesystem for ramdisk *(optional)*
The following command will apped the line needed into /etc/fstab to create the ramdisk system after a reboot
```
# cat <<EOF >> /etc/fstab

tmpfs   /ramdisk   tmpfs size=1024M 0 0
EOF
```
3) Reboot system *(optional)*

## Usage
Presently, there are three files, setup.sh encrypt.sh, and decrypt.sh.  Below, a more detailed description of each file will provided.  For all of the files, verify that the values for the variables MEDIA, FS, MP, and SIZE are all acceptable where they appear.

### setup.sh
Before running this script, verify the values for the variables MEDIA, FS, MP, and SIZE are all acceptable.  I designed this project to put an encrypted file system on a USB drive, however, any file path can be used for MEDIA as long as the path exists.  This script will create a FAT file system which can only be unlocked with the keys produced in the script.   
**NOTE** accadentially losing/deleting any of the keys generated by this script will result in the loss of access to this filesystem!

### encrypt.sh
This script will safely close the encrypted partition.  It is recommended to run this before ejecting the USB.

### decrypt.sh
Run this script whenever you wish to attach the encrypted partition

## File creation
**NOTE** more development to come!  
Once you have put desired information into a file, run the command `$ aescrypt -e -k /ramdisk/file.key -o $MP/<file_name>.aes /path/to/file/<file_name>` substituting $MP with the mount point of the encrypted file system, <file_name> with the name you gave the file, and "/path/to/file" with the path to where the file resides - it is recommend to create files in /ramdisk when possible.

## View file
**NOTE** more development to come!  
When you need to see the contents of a file, run the following command `$ aescrypt -d -k /ramdisk/key.key -o /ramdisk/<file_name> $MP/<file_name>.aes` using similar substitutions as before
